.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH MATRIX 1 2000-Jan "eigen" "eigen"
.SH NAME
eigen \- Spectral Decomposition of a Matrix
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIeigen(\fBx\fR as any, 
\fBsymmetric\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBonly_values\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBEISPACK\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Spectral Decomposition of a Matrix
 
 Computes eigenvalues and eigenvectors of numeric 
 (double, integer, logical) or complex matrices.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- 
 a numeric Or complex matrix whose spectral
 decomposition Is To be computed. Logical matrices 
 are coerced To numeric.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsymmetric\fB \fR\- 
 If True, the matrix Is assumed To be symmetric 
 (Or Hermitian If complex) And only its lower
 triangle (diagonal included) Is used. If symmetric
 Is Not specified, isSymmetric(x) Is used.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBonly_values\fB \fR\- 
 If True, only the eigenvalues are computed And 
 returned, otherwise both eigenvalues And 
 eigenvectors are returned.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBEISPACK\fB \fR\- 
 logical. Defunct And ignored.
. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
The spectral decomposition of x is returned as a list 
 with components

 1. values: a vector containing the p eigenvalues Of x, sorted
            In decreasing order, according To Mod(values) In 
            the asymmetric Case When they might be complex (even 
            For real matrices). For real asymmetric matrices 
            the vector will be complex only If complex conjugate
            pairs Of eigenvalues are detected.
 2. vectors: either a p * p matrix whose columns contain the
             eigenvectors Of x, Or NULL If only.values Is True. 
             The vectors are normalized To unit length.

 Recall that the eigenvectors are only defined up To a constant: 
 even when the length Is specified they are still only defined
 up to a scalar of modulus one (the sign for real matrices).

 When only.values Is Not true, as by default, the result Is of 
 S3 class "eigen".

 If r <- eigen(A), And V <- r$vectors; lam <- r$values, Then

 \fB
 A = V Lmbd V^(-1)
 \fR`

 (up to numerical fuzz), where Lmbd = diag(lam).
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
If symmetric is unspecified, isSymmetric(x) determines
 if the matrix is symmetric up to plausible numerical 
 inaccuracies. It is surer and typically much faster to
 set the value yourself.
 
 Computing the eigenvectors Is the slow part For large 
 matrices.
 
 Computing the eigendecomposition Of a matrix Is subject 
 To errors On a real-world computer: the definitive 
 analysis Is Wilkinson (1965). All you can hope For Is a 
 solution To a problem suitably close To x. So even 
 though a real asymmetric x may have an algebraic solution
 With repeated real eigenvalues, the computed solution 
 may be Of a similar matrix With complex conjugate pairs
 Of eigenvalues.
 
 Unsuccessful results from the underlying LAPACK code will 
 result In an Error giving a positive Error code (most 
 often 1): these can only be interpreted by detailed study
 Of the FORTRAN code.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
Matrix
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
