.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH MATRIX 1 2000-Jan "matrix" "matrix"
.SH NAME
matrix \- Matrices
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fImatrix(\fBdata\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBnrow\fR as integer = 1, 
\fBncol\fR as integer = 1, 
\fBbyrow\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBdimnames\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBsparse\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Matrices
 
 matrix creates a matrix from the given set of values.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- 
 an optional data vector (including a list or expression vector).
 Non-atomic classed R objects are coerced by as.vector and all
 attributes discarded.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBnrow\fB \fR\- 
 the desired number of rows.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBncol\fB \fR\- 
 the desired number of columns.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBbyrow\fB \fR\- 
 logical. If FALSE (the default) the matrix Is filled by columns, 
 otherwise the matrix Is filled by rows.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdimnames\fB \fR\- 
 A dimnames attribute For the matrix: NULL Or a list of length 2 
 giving the row And column names respectively. An empty list Is
 treated as NULL, And a list of length one as row names. The 
 list can be named, And the list names will be used as names for
 the dimensions.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsparse\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
If one of nrow or ncol is not given, an attempt is made to infer
 it from the length of data and the other parameter. If neither 
 is given, a one-column matrix is returned.
 
 If there are too few elements In data To fill the matrix, Then 
 the elements In data are recycled. If data has length zero, NA 
 Of an appropriate type Is used For atomic vectors (0 For raw 
 vectors) And NULL For lists.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
Matrix
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
