.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH STATS 1 2000-Jan "corr.test" "corr.test"
.SH NAME
corr.test \- Find the correlations, sample sizes, and probability
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIcorr.test(\fBx\fR as <generic> dataframe, 
\fBy\fR as <generic> dataframe = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBuse\fR as string = "pairwise", 
\fBmethod\fR as string = "pearson");\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Find the correlations, sample sizes, and probability 
 values between elements of a matrix or data.frame.
 
 Although the cor function finds the correlations for 
 a matrix, it does not report probability values. cor.test 
 does, but for only one pair of variables at a time. 
 corr.test uses cor to find the correlations for either 
 complete or pairwise data and reports the sample sizes 
 and probability values as well. For symmetric matrices, 
 raw probabilites are reported below the diagonal and 
 correlations adjusted for multiple comparisons above the 
 diagonal. In the case of different x and ys, the default 
 is to adjust the probabilities for multiple tests. Both 
 corr.test and corr.p return raw and adjusted confidence 
 intervals for each correlation.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- A matrix or dataframe. 
.PP
.PP
\fBy\fB \fR\- 
 A second matrix or dataframe with the same number of rows as x
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBuse\fB \fR\- 
 use="pairwise" is the default value and will do pairwise 
 deletion of cases. use="complete" will select just complete 
 cases.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBmethod\fB \fR\- 
 method="pearson" is the default value. The alternatives to 
 be passed to cor are "spearman" and "kendall". These last 
 two are much slower, particularly for big data sets.
. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
stats
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
