.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH STATS 1 2000-Jan "p.adjust" "p.adjust"
.SH NAME
p.adjust \- Adjust P-values for Multiple Comparisons
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIp.adjust(\fBp\fR as double, 
\fBmethod\fR as <integer> p_adjust_methods = [fdr], 
\fBn\fR as integer = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Adjust P-values for Multiple Comparisons
 
 Given a set of p-values, returns p-values adjusted 
 using one of several methods.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBp\fB \fR\- 
 numeric vector Of p-values (possibly With NAs). Any other R Object Is 
 coerced by As.numeric.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBmethod\fB \fR\- 
 correction method. Can be abbreviated.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBn\fB \fR\- 
 number of comparisons, must be at least length(p); only set this (to 
 non-default) when you know what you are doing!
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
A numeric vector of corrected p-values (of the same length as p, with names 
 copied from p).
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
The adjustment methods include the Bonferroni correction ("bonferroni") 
 in which the p-values are multiplied by the number of comparisons. Less
 conservative corrections are also included by Holm (1979) ("holm"), 
 Hochberg (1988) ("hochberg"), Hommel (1988) ("hommel"), Benjamini & 
 Hochberg (1995) ("BH" or its alias "fdr"), and Benjamini & Yekutieli 
 (2001) ("BY"), respectively. A pass-through option ("none") is also included.
 The set of methods are contained in the p.adjust.methods vector for the 
 benefit of methods that need to have the method as an option and pass it 
 on to p.adjust.
 
 The first four methods are designed To give strong control Of the family-wise 
 Error rate. There seems no reason To use the unmodified Bonferroni correction 
 because it Is dominated by Holm's method, which is also valid under arbitrary
 assumptions.
 
 Hochberg's and Hommel's methods are valid when the hypothesis tests are 
 independent or when they are non-negatively associated (Sarkar, 1998; Sarkar 
 and Chang, 1997). Hommel's method is more powerful than Hochberg's, but the 
 difference is usually small and the Hochberg p-values are faster to compute.
 The "BH" (aka "fdr") And "BY" method of Benjamini, Hochberg, And Yekutieli 
 control the false discovery rate, the expected proportion of false discoveries
 amongst the rejected hypotheses. The false discovery rate Is a less stringent 
 condition than the family-wise error rate, so these methods are more powerful 
 than the others.
 
 Note that you can Set n larger than length(p) which means the unobserved
 p-values are assumed To be greater than all the observed p For "bonferroni" 
 And "holm" methods And equal To 1 For the other methods.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
stats
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
