.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH STATS 1 2000-Jan "quantile" "quantile"
.SH NAME
quantile \- Sample Quantiles
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIquantile(\fBx\fR as double, 
\fBprobs\fR as any = [0,0.25,0.5,0.75,1], 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sample Quantiles
 
 The generic function quantile produces sample quantiles corresponding 
 to the given probabilities. The smallest observation corresponds to 
 a probability of 0 and the largest to a probability of 1.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- 
 numeric vector whose sample quantiles are wanted, or an object of a class 
 for which a method has been defined (see also ‘details’). NA and NaN 
 values are not allowed in numeric vectors unless na.rm is TRUE.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBprobs\fB \fR\- 
 numeric vector of probabilities with values in [0,1]. (Values up to 2e-14 
 outside that range are accepted and moved to the nearby endpoint.)
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
A vector of length length(probs) is returned; if names = TRUE, it has a 
 names attribute.
 
 NA And NaN values in probs are propagated to the result.
 The Default method works With classed objects sufficiently Like numeric 
 vectors that sort And (Not needed by types 1 And 3) addition Of elements 
 And multiplication by a number work correctly. Note that As this Is In a 
 Namespace, the copy Of sort In base will be used, Not some S4 generic 
 Of that name. Also note that that Is no check On the 'correctly’, and 
 so e.g. quantile can be applied to complex vectors which (apart from ties) 
 will be ordered on their real parts.
 
 There Is a method for the date-time classes (see "POSIXt"). Types 1 And 3 
 can be used for class "Date" And for ordered factors.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
stats
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
