.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH UMAP 1 2000-Jan "umap" "umap"
.SH NAME
umap \- UMAP: Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection for Dimension Reduction
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIumap(\fBdata\fR as any, 
\fBdimension\fR as integer = 2, 
\fBnumberOfNeighbors\fR as integer = 15, 
\fBlocalConnectivity\fR as double = 1, 
\fBKnnIter\fR as integer = 64, 
\fBbandwidth\fR as double = 1, 
\fBcustomNumberOfEpochs\fR as integer = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBcustomMapCutoff\fR as double = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBdebug\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBKDsearch\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBspectral_cos\fR as boolean = TRUE, 
\fBsetOpMixRatio\fR as double = 1, 
\fBminDist\fR as double = 0.10000000149011612, 
\fBspread\fR as double = 1, 
\fBrepulsionStrength\fR as double = 1, 
\fBlearningRate\fR as double = 1, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
UMAP: Uniform Manifold Approximation and Projection for Dimension Reduction
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- data must be normalized!. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdimension\fB \fR\- 
 default 2, The dimension of the space to embed into.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBnumberOfNeighbors\fB \fR\- 
 default 15, The size of local neighborhood (in terms of number of neighboring sample points) used for manifold approximation.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcustomMapCutoff\fB \fR\- 
 cutoff value in range \fB[0,1]\fR
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcustomNumberOfEpochs\fB \fR\- 
 default None, The number of training epochs to be used in optimizing the low dimensional embedding. 
 Larger values result in more accurate embeddings.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBKDsearch\fB \fR\- 
 knn search via KD-tree?
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlocalConnectivity\fB \fR\- 
 default 1, The local connectivity required -- i.e. the number of nearest neighbors that should be assumed to be connected at a local level.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsetOpMixRatio\fB \fR\- 
 default 1.0, The value of this parameter should be between 0.0 and 1.0; a value of 1.0 will use a pure fuzzy union, while 0.0 will use a pure fuzzy intersection.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBminDist\fB \fR\- 
 default 0.1, The effective minimum distance between embedded points.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBspread\fB \fR\- 
 default 1.0, The effective scale of embedded points. In combination with \fBmin_dist\fR this determines how clustered/clumped the embedded points are.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlearningRate\fB \fR\- 
 default 1.0, The initial learning rate for the embedding optimization.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBrepulsionStrength\fB \fR\- 
 default 1.0, Weighting applied to negative samples in low dimensional embedding optimization.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
umap
.SH FILES
.PP
MLkit.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
I@XIEGUIGANG.ME
