.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH MATH 2 2000-Jan "bootstrap" "bootstrap"
.SH NAME
bootstrap \- Non-Parametric Bootstrapping
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIbootstrap(\fBx\fR as any, 
\fBnboot\fR as integer, 
\fBtheta\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBfunc\fR as any = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
..., 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Non-Parametric Bootstrapping
 
 See Efron and Tibshirani (1993) for details on this function.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- a vector or a dataframe that containing the data. 
 To bootstrap more complex data structures (e.g. bivariate data) 
 see the last example below.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBnboot\fB \fR\- The number of bootstrap samples desired.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBtheta\fB \fR\- function to be bootstrapped. Takes x as an 
 argument, and may take additional arguments (see below and last 
 example).. 
.PP
.PP
\fBfunc\fB \fR\- (optional) argument specifying the functional 
 the distribution of thetahat that is desired. If func is 
 specified, the jackknife after-bootstrap estimate of its standard
 error is also returned. See example below.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBargs\fB \fR\- any additional arguments to be passed to theta. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
list with the following components:

 1. thetastar       the nboot bootstrap values Of theta
 2. func.thetastar  the functional func Of the bootstrap distribution Of thetastar, If func was specified
 3. jack.boot.val   the jackknife-after-bootstrap values For func, If func was specified
 4. jack.boot.se    the jackknife-after-bootstrap standard Error estimate Of func, If func was specified
 5. call            the deparsed call
 
 and this function will returns the bootstrap data collection if the
 **`theta`** function is not specificed.
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Efron, B. and Tibshirani, R. (1986). The bootstrap method for 
 standard errors, confidence intervals, and other measures of 
 statistical accuracy. Statistical Science, Vol 1., No. 1, pp 1-35.
 
 Efron, B. (1992) Jackknife-after-bootstrap standard errors And 
 influence functions. J. Roy. Stat. Soc. B, vol 54, pages 83-127
 
 Efron, B. And Tibshirani, R. (1993) An Introduction to the 
 Bootstrap. Chapman And Hall, New York, London.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
math
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by \fBxie.guigang@live.com\fR
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
