.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH MATH 2 2000-Jan "glm" "glm"
.SH NAME
glm \- Fitting Generalized Linear Models
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIglm(\fBformula\fR as <generic> FormulaExpression, 
\fBfamily\fR as any, 
\fBdata\fR as any, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Fitting Generalized Linear Models
 
 glm is used to fit generalized linear models, specified by 
 giving a symbolic description of the linear predictor and
 a description of the error distribution.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBformula\fB \fR\- 
 an object of class "formula" (Or one that can be coerced to
 that class): a symbolic description Of the model To be fitted.
 The details Of model specification are given under 'Details’.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBfamily\fB \fR\- 
 a description of the error distribution and link function to 
 be used in the model. For glm this can be a character string 
 naming a family function, a family function or the result of 
 a call to a family function. For glm.fit only the third option 
 is supported. (See family for details of family functions.)
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- 
 an optional data frame, list or environment (or object coercible
 by as.data.frame to a data frame) containing the variables in 
 the model. If not found in data, the variables are taken from 
 environment(formula), typically the environment from which glm 
 is called.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
math
.SH FILES
.PP
Rlapack.dll
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by \fBxie.guigang@live.com\fR
.SH COPYRIGHT
GPL3
