.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH CLUSTERING 2 2000-Jan "silhouette_score" "silhouette_score"
.SH NAME
silhouette_score \- Silhouette Coefficient
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIsilhouette_score(\fBx\fR as any, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Silhouette Coefficient
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBx\fB \fR\- the cluster result. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Silhouette score is used to evaluate the quality of clusters created using clustering 
 algorithms such as K-Means in terms of how well samples are clustered with other samples 
 that are similar to each other. The Silhouette score is calculated for each sample of 
 different clusters. To calculate the Silhouette score for each observation/data point, 
 the following distances need to be found out for each observations belonging to all the 
 clusters:
 
 Mean distance between the observation And all other data points In the same cluster. This
 distance can also be called a mean intra-cluster distance. The mean distance Is denoted by a
 Mean distance between the observation And all other data points Of the Next nearest cluster.
 This distance can also be called a mean nearest-cluster distance. The mean distance Is 
 denoted by b
 
 Silhouette score, S, for Each sample Is calculated Using the following formula:
 
 \(S = \frac{(b - a)}{max(a, b)}\)
 
 The value Of the Silhouette score varies from -1 To 1. If the score Is 1, the cluster Is
 dense And well-separated than other clusters. A value near 0 represents overlapping clusters
 With samples very close To the decision boundary Of the neighboring clusters. A negative 
 score [-1, 0] indicates that the samples might have got assigned To the wrong clusters.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
clustering
.SH FILES
.PP
MLkit.dll
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by \fBxie.guigang@live.com\fR
.SH COPYRIGHT
I@XIEGUIGANG.ME
