.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH DATASET 4 2000-Jan "SGT" "SGT"
.SH NAME
SGT \- Sequence Graph Transform (SGT) — Sequence Embedding for Clustering, Classification, and Search
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fISGT(\fBalphabets\fR as string = \fB<NULL>\fR, 
\fBkappa\fR as double = 1, 
\fBlength_sensitive\fR as boolean = FALSE, 
\fBmode\fR as <integer> Modes = [Full], 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sequence Graph Transform (SGT) — Sequence Embedding for Clustering, Classification, and Search
 
 Sequence Graph Transform (SGT) is a sequence embedding function. SGT extracts 
 the short- and long-term sequence features and embeds them in a finite-dimensional 
 feature space. The long and short term patterns embedded in SGT can be tuned 
 without any increase in the computation.
 
 > https://github.com/cran2367/sgt/blob/25bf28097788fbbf9727abad91ec6e59873947cc/python/sgt-package/sgt/sgt.py
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBalphabets\fB \fR\- Optional, except if mode is Spark.
 The set of alphabets that make up all
 the sequences in the dataset. If not passed, the
 alphabet set is automatically computed as the
 unique set of elements that make all the sequences.
 A list or 1d-array of the set of elements that make up the
 sequences. For example, np.array(["A", "B", "C"].
 If mode is 'spark', the alphabets are necessary.
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBkappa\fB \fR\- 
 Tuning parameter, kappa > 0, to change the extraction of
 long-term dependency. Higher the value the lesser
 the long-term dependency captured in the embedding.
 Typical values for kappa are 1, 5, 10.. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlength_sensitive\fB \fR\- Default False. This is set to true if the embedding of
 should have the information of the length of the sequence.
 If set to false then the embedding of two sequences with
 similar pattern but different lengths will be the same.
 lengthsensitive = false is similar to length-normalization.. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Compute embedding of a single or a collection of discrete item
 sequences. A discrete item sequence is a sequence made from a set
 discrete elements, also known as alphabet set. For example,
 suppose the alphabet set is the set of roman letters,
 {A, B, ..., Z}. This set is made of discrete elements. Examples of
 sequences from such a set are AABADDSA, UADSFJPFFFOIHOUGD, etc.
 Such sequence datasets are commonly found in online industry,
 for example, item purchase history, where the alphabet set is
 the set of all product items. Sequence datasets are abundant in
 bioinformatics as protein sequences.
 Using the embeddings created here, classification and clustering
 models can be built for sequence datasets.
 Read more in https://arxiv.org/pdf/1608.03533.pdf
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
dataset
.SH FILES
.PP
MLkit.dll
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
I@XIEGUIGANG.ME
