.\" man page create by R# package system.
.TH CHARTS 4 2000-01-01 "violin" "violin"
.SH NAME
violin \- Violin plot
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIviolin(\fBdata\fR as <generic> Array, 
\fBsize\fR as any = "3600,2400", 
\fBmargin\fR as any = "padding:400px 150px 300px 300px;", 
\fBbg\fR as string = "white", 
\fBcolorSet\fR as string = "TSF", 
\fBylab\fR as string = "y axis", 
\fBtitle\fR as string = "Volin Plot", 
\fBlabelAngle\fR as double = -45, 
\fBshowStats\fR as boolean = TRUE, 
[\fB<Environment>\fR]);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Violin plot
 
 A violin plot is a compact display of a continuous distribution. It is a blend of boxplot and density: 
 a violin plot is a mirrored density plot displayed in the same way as a boxplot.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdata\fB \fR\- 
 The data To be displayed In this layer. There are three options
 
 If NULL, the Default, the data Is inherited from the plot data As specified In the Call To ggplot().
 A data.frame, Or other Object, will override the plot data. All objects will be fortified To produce 
 a data frame. See fortify() For which variables will be created.
 
 A Function will be called With a Single argument, the plot data. The Return value must be a data.frame, 
 And will be used As the layer data. A Function can be created from a formula (e.g. ~ head(.x, 10)).
. 
.PP
.PP
\fBsize\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBmargin\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBbg$\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBcolorSet$\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBylab$\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBtitle$\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBlabelAngle\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.PP
\fBenv\fB \fR\- -. 
.PP
.SH DETAILS
.PP
Computed variables
 
 + \fBdensity\fR density estimate
 + \fBscaled\fR density estimate, scaled To maximum Of 1
 + \fBcount\fR density * number of points - probably useless for violin plots
 + \fBviolinwidth\fR density scaled For the violin plot, according To area, counts Or To a constant maximum width
 + \fBn\fR number of points
 + \fBwidth\fR width of violin bounding box
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
charts
.SH FILES
.PP
graphics.dll
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by \fBxie.guigang@gmail.com\fR
